the theory is simple John will chase the
herd toward Shawn who will then close a
curtain behind the Buffalo as the enter
the new area but with Buffalo anything
can happen there are a hell of a
dangerous animal it's not a situation
you want to be in nervous at the moment
the big boy has his eye on Shore
[Applause]
he has to get the curtain closed now
stop stop stop stop come back there
writer there writer so close they can
smell them it's big cool watching us now
it looks like they're running under the
helicopter they're not respecting the
helicopter anymore which could be a big
problem for us it hasn't worked the big
boy has turned the herd around back into
the over grazed area for us to walk in
nasty suicidal change of tactics time to
bring in a four-wheel drive back he
actually has to be a buffalo bait
they've got to try and annoy him enough
that he follows the Bucky it's looking
good
all the Buffalo across through into the
new camp except one a big boy
what's it what's it what's it
[Music]
it's done it's done it's done the truck
how did he get this a quick this is the
regard this is the big guy again
the big board had enough now and he just
told us that taking out the back of the
vehicle it's time to give up big boy has
seen offshore with the one dent here it
was a foot or a couple of charges and
then on the side here but I think it's
beer time
[Music]